Subtitles brought to you by the Never Sad Team @ Viki
♫ Oh, you have shoulders broad enough ♫
♫ To bear the weight of your words of never changing yourself, woo~ ♫
♫ When your strong faith silences fate ♫
♫ Romance will become your privilege ♫
♫ Dancing with ecstasy and grief will be like a grand banquet ♫
♫ And taking blazes as fireworks will be a classic never to regret ♫
♫ Oh, love without sadness is devoted love ♫
♫ Like an invisible existence ♫
♫ It's everywhere ♫
♫ Fending for your true love ♫
♫ I wish the one I love ♫
♫ Could safely sail through the sea of love ♫
♫ Once you let go, it will weigh on your mind for life ♫
♫ The most selfless love is love without sadness ♫
[All Out of Love]
[Episode 4]
Subtitles brought to you by the Never Sad Team @ Viki
Liangsheng.
It's so late. Why did you come here?
This is for you.
What is this?
This is my first time cooking, it probably isn't good.
You made it yourself?
Yes. So you must eat it.
Then, I'll go now.
Bye bye.
Chairman Wang, there's been a major problem.
Cheng Tianyou came back this time aiming for you.
Why do you say that?
Not regarding whether this news is fake or not,
I heard he has also been secretly investigating your personal assets
in order to force you into a corner,
and build up his reputation in the corporation.
How can he have so much power when he just returned back from overseas?
You don't know,
but there is a person called Ning Xin who is with him.
- Ning Xin?
- Yes.
Two days ago, I had purposely done some research on this Ning Xin.
She is someone who is in the arts. She would have connections.
They probably want to involve others in buying their resources.
No wonder. No wonder he was able to
get connections so quickly.
But Chairman Wang, I am quite worried.
You say, do you think Chairman Cheng would be affected by this?
The old man and I create this company.
If Third Older Brother and Fourth Older Brother were still alive, I wouldn't have said anything.
What is Cheng Tianyou to me?
Why should I give him anything?
- Help me arrange a meeting with Old Sir Cheng.
- Okay.
I say, Old Man.
Tianyou is back now. It should be time for me to hand up my spot, right?
I'll just take that you didn't saying anything.
And don't say such a thing like that in the future.
You have to work for a lifetime.
Tianyou is a returnee from overseas, he has a lot of strength, the Jiangshan of Shi Feng.
Sooner or later, this will be run by the youth.
But he is one who is fearless, so it's a long run from being able to take over this responsibility.
Okay.
Since you have said matters like this, what words could I possibly give?
Then what about this?
I won't have this tea anymore.
I still have a pile of work over there.
I'll leave first, may I?
Go.
Okay.
Chairman Cheng. There are some matters.
What's the matter?
In this short amount of time, I have already received four resignation letters from managers.
Stupid he must be.
Then, what do you say about these resignation letters?
Let Dehui go and pacify them.
Ask them
what they are unsatisfied with.
Okay.
I hope you'll know when to stop.
Don't be befuddled enough to not understand.
So what if it changed to Tianyou?
It's the Cheng family who makes the final call.
What does it have to do with us? Besides,
this is what Wang Dehui wanted us to do.
If there really is a mistake, he's the one who is going to take the fall.
The accounts are all in your possession. As long as you don't show up, no one can find out.
If you want to shut my mouth, you know what to do.
I still have something to do. I'm hanging up first.
Guoxiong, let's eat. Guoxiong.
--Coming.
-Let's eat.
Dinner is ready?
I was on the phone earlier, I didn't hear.
-Here are the clams you like.
- You eat.
Guoxiong, what's wrong?
Nothing. Oh right.
In the future, don't pick up calls from people you don't know.
Is there something that happened?
It's hard to explain in one or two sentences.
Just don't pick them up.
Ok, I'll listen to you.
Hurry up and eat while it's hot.
Why does it feel like the library closed so early?
That's because you were focused on studying.
Hurry and call your mom. My mom said your dad is in the hospital.
[sighing]
Hello Mom? Dad is in the hospital?
Yes, it's nothing much.
Just a fever.
The doctor wants to watch over him for awhile.
Is it serious? I'll head back tomorrow.
Aiyo, don't bother. How much time will be wasted if you were to come and go back.
Study well, everything is fine, I'm here.
Alright then. Mom, then remember to ventilate the hospital room.
And if necessary, give my dad a mask to prevent contagious infections.
I know, the doctor already informed me. You don't have to worry about these things, alright?
Mom, you've also worked hard taking care of Dad. Remember to take care of yourself.
If she's too busy, let my mom go help out.
Okay, I know.
Mom, do you need money? I'll send you some.
We have enough money.
You don't have to worry about money.
Take care of Jiangsheng. And take care of yourself too. Don't stay up all night studying.
Alright, I'm hanging up now.
I'm going to clean up and go to see your dad in the hospital.
Alright.
It's okay. It's just a cold, he needs a bit of care.
Living in the hospital? Then that must mean it costs money.
It's alright. If you don't have money, just go ask my mother.
It's alright. Tomorrow, I'll find more tutoring jobs.
How about this? I'll get a job as well.
Don't worry about it. You stay in class, and study well.
-Tomorrow I'll go and buy some dietary supplements for my dad and send it over.
-I'll go buy them.
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry.
[sigh]
I went to Tianyu Square just to buy this for you. Eat.
Thank you.
Although you may not be outstanding, you're still skilled.
There's no superior or inferior work. It's fine as long as there's money to be earned.
Don't tell Jiang Sheng about my job.
- She doesn't know?
- She doesn't know.
I want to take on a few more jobs. This way, I can earn more money, and she can relax more.
Jiang Liangsheng. Where did you put the coffee beans?
Let me find it, please wait.
- They won't even let people eat in peace.
- It's fine. I'm not hungry anyway. You eat.
I don't care if you're hungry or not. I went all that way to buy this for you.You really don't appreciate me.
Here. I'll do it with you.
Have you ever washed dishes?
You're looking down on me. Wash dishes?
I've even washed tattoos.
That really isn't a job fit for people.
I'm beat.
You should sleep on the bed. I've just changed the bedding. I'm so lazy to change, so I'll sleep on the sofa.
You don't have to worry about me. I can sleep anywhere.
I forgot to tell you throughout the day. My mom said that your dad is doing a lot better.
I gave him a call and asked about it. He's doing much better.
I almost forgot.
Take the money. It's for your dad's treatment.
You helped me wash the dishes. That's already enough.
Take it and use it! Do you really see me as a brother?
I don't need it. I appreciate your kindness, but don't worry about me. I can handle it.
I can't do anything that can help you.You-
Hurry and sleep! Thank you.
How come all bad luck must be encountered by your family?
If possible, I really hope that some will get transferred into our family,
so we can share some of the burden of your family.
Here.
I also like to come this kind of place sometimes to unwind.
Next time, if you're coming, remember to take me with you.
You're so busy. Stop joking.
As long as it's a place that you want to go, I will accompany you.
I knew that older brother treats me the best.
- Brother, am I important to you?
- Of course.
You are the person I care about the most.
Really? I must firmly keep you on my watch.
I won't let anyone take you away.
How come you're still acting like a child?
I'm now back in the country. As long as you need me, I will appear anytime.
You said it.
Last night, Wang Dehui went to see some
main executives of the company. They are Jiang Yihe, Zhou Bieshan, Jia Dongjie.
All are his people. After the defections yesterday, they are just in disarray.
Then, what about the CFO of Shifeng?
He said that he wants to meet you.
- It's not yet time.
- This person looks very anxious.
I feel that he has something to tell you.
Someone who is willingly coming to you, is it a meat or a bait?
Are you temporarily not going to Shifeng?
- Investigate things for me first.
- Okay.
Hey, one more thing.
Tian'en is acting a bit weird. Find out why. If you can't handle them all, leave the ones earlier to someone else.
Okay.
Why did you bring me here? Facing the wall to reflect?
Are you kidding?
For a shameless person like me, when did I reflect on my actions?
I want to show you my skills.
- Can you do it?
- This wall is especially for public graffiti.
Starting today, this wall is just like me. It has your name etched on it.
All are yours.
How did I do?
Five? Nine?
- What? You are complaining my work is bad?
- Impossible.
1-9, 2-9, won't do anything. 3-9, 4-9, walking on ice. 5-9, 6-9, watching the willows along the river.
7-9, the river opens. 8-9, the swallow comes. 9-9, add one more 9, the farming buffalo walks everywhere.
It's watching the willows along the river! So exuberant!
- Are you saying that I'm uncultured?!
- No!
- This has such profound meaning!
- Are you saying that I'm uncultured?!
- No...
How come the list of scholars has not yet come out?
Weird. Didn't they say that it will be announced today?
Don't rush. Maybe we should wait for 1 or 2 more days.
Let's go.
If the scholarship comes out, I can then help my father with the medical bills and let my older brother do less part-time jobs.
You two are really so pitiful.
But your admission grade was very good, so your scholarship is a sure thing.
I saw the things you're doing outside.
It is indeed good, but when do you plan to enter the company
and face those things that you must face sooner or later?
I didn't say that I won't enter Shifeng.
Give me your word then.
I want a definite time.
What I'm waiting for is not time, but an opportunity.
You kept thinking that I'm just staying on the side and observing the fire. Not caring at all. But only through this can we see the problem, forcing them to make mistakes.
Once you find the problem, this big fire
has burned to the point that there is no more Cheng family within Shifeng.
The choice is with you. I have nothing to say.
I indeed was wrong about Wang Dehui, but I won't deny that he has capabilities.
I will let go sooner or later.
If there is really no choice,
I will give him Shifeng!
Grandfather.
Hello.
I'm the one applying for the math teacher position. My name is Jiang Liangsheng.
How can a late teacher teach a child?
Please excuse me, I had an accident on the way here, I'm extremely sorry.
What time is it? I still have something to do later, my time is precious. Go home.
I'm not deliberately making things hard for you. I have an appointment and must go out later. This tutor session today can't proceed.
Thank you.
I made this plan for the child, I hope it helps him. Let him take a look at it first.
- Goodbye.
- Teacher Jiang, wait a minute.
How about this. I'm busy later, can you help Fan Fan study?
Just tell me about his situation next time. Our maid is at home. You can call her if you need anything.
- Sure. Don't worry.
- Please enter then.
- Do I need to remove my shoes?
-  No, no need. Please enter.
- Thanks.
Hello.
Hello. I'm your math tutor. I'm Jiang Sheng.
There are calculators here, there are DVDs there. There are also manhuas and magazines.
Do whatever you want to do. Leave in an hour.
- Are you like this during your tutor sessions?
- My mother will still pay you and I won't tell her about it.
Do you hate studying?
I hate that I have so many tutors. At school, there's teachers.
After school, there still are teachers. It's all annoying.
Alright.
I'll give you ten problems. If you get them all right, I won't come back.
Really?
You know how to do all these problems. Why does your mom say you're bad in school?
She's so busy all the time, how does she know I do well in school?
- You actually do like studying, am I right?
- None of your business.
Did all the tutor that your mother hired before got driven away by you like this?
Fan Fan, I think if you have any problems, you should talk and communicate more with your mom.
What use is in communicating? I can't see her all day.
Your mother's outset is good.
I think if you have any ideas, just tell her. That way, she can understand you.
Based on our initial agreement, you won. This is a study plan that I made for you. I hope it can help.
Teacher Jiang! It's so late, you still haven't left?
I was just waiting for you, fixing my bicycle.
I want to talk to you for a bit.
Is Fan Fan learning well?
Fan Fan's comprehension skills is quite high and his basic math foundation is quite firm. He doesn't really need a tutor.
But I want to give you some advice. If you have time, spend more time with him. Listen to his feelings,
because studying is a great thing. Don't put too much pressure on him.
Right. Teacher Jiang, this is your paycheck.
It's alright. I didn't do too much.
- Just take it. You also didn't have it easy.
- Really no need. Bye-bye.
Subtitles brought to you by the Never Sad Team @ Viki
♫ If I hadn't gone through this experience, ♫
♫ how much hardship and happiness would there be in life? ♫
♫ The song playing in the wind ♫
♫ Who's that crying in loneliness? ♫
♫ The boy in my memories, ♫
♫ why does he keep on chasing? ♫
Why did you come?
With this heavy of a rain, I'm here to cover you.
Take me home?
Get in the car. The dorms are going to lock soon.
Ok.
Thank you.
It's alright, you guys first head in the car.
Thank you! Bye!
Brother.
Why are you still here this late?
I made you dinner.
How are you?
Pretty well.
Oh, ok.
Then I'll head back first. Rest early.
Jiang Sheng! Be careful!
Hey.
Jiang Sheng!
What's wrong with you?
Nothing.
Not feeling well?
No. How are you?
Not feeling good.
Why are you sad?
Girls.
It's Xiao Jiu, isn't it?
I'll take you somewhere fun.
I'm not going, this late. Going where?
Let's go. You'll know when we get there. Let's have fun.
The dorms are going to lock soon.
Glenfiddich, 2 glasses.
It's so noisy here.
This is called an atmosphere!
Let's leave, I want to go back to school.
We just came, let's sit for a while first!
But the dorms are going to lock soon.
Who cares? Here.
Tell me what you're upset about.
I didn't get the scholarship. And...
And?
Nothing.
Drink a glass.
No. I won't drink, my brother doesn't let me drink.
Who cares?! Just treat it as using alcohol to drown the sorrow.
How is this good?
It is pretty strong. Forty percent.
- Cheers.
- Not bad.
Bring me another glass.
There was a breakthrough. I found...
The daughter of Bei Guoxiong's lover.
I can take care of this.
This matter concerns my aunt. I'll go.
I was going to give this to Xiao Jiu.
She didn't want it,
so you can have it.
I don't want it.
We drank to our heart's content today.
If you don't accept it,
that is such a killjoy.
You have to wear it. You're pale, so it'll definitely look good on you.
Then... Then I'll give it to Xiao Jiu for you.
I'll talk to her.
Hello. Are you Xiao Jiu?
I'm Cheng Tianyou from Shi Feng Group.
I'd like to ask for your help. Can you tell me where your mother is?
Why are you looking for my mom?
This concerns a business deficit case.
Perhaps your mother might know something about it.
Business deficit case?
- You must be kidding. I'm busy, so—
- Please wait a moment.
We don't mean any harm.
We've been searching for your mother for a long time,
- but we haven't been able to find her.
- Xiao Jiu.
Jiang Sheng?
- Jiang Sheng. What are you doing here?
- Xiao Jiu...
Bei Xiaowu told me to give this to you.
Make sure you keep it safe.
Xiao Jiu...
Bei Xiaowu really likes you. Don't hurt him.
- Got it?
- Yeah, OK. I know.
I'm sorry. My friend's drunk so I have to send her home.
Sorry, excuse me. My friend had too much to drink.
Please wait a moment.
- Who are you guys?
- Hello.
Miss, you...
You're a man so why do you have a ponytail?
Miss, you've had too much to drink.
Trying to grope me...
You've had too much to drink.
Who are you?
Miss.
Miss, he's our boss.
Xiao Jiu.
You didn't leave Bei Xiaowu for this guy, did you?
Who are you?
Do you know how much our Bei Xiaowu likes Xiao Jiu. We grew up with Bei Xiaowu...
- Let go first...
- Let go of me!
Bei Xiaowu's my best friend. Do you know how hurt I get when he's upset? How can you do something so unconscionable?
Chase!
Wait, wait.
Brother, why are you here?
Take me home. Let's go home, Brother.
Bro...
- Wait a minute.
- Bro!
Wait, wait. Sir, please wait a minute.
Bro, why are you pushing me? Bro?
Sir, please send her home.
Hey, kid, you can't leave.
You can't just shove a drunk girl into my car. What if she vomits in my car?
- I'll pay you if she vomits.
- That's what you say, but how am I supposed to find you later?
- I'll leave my contact information for you.
- You don't need to do that.
How about you just get in the car too? You can't just put this girl in my car.
What if something bad happens? It will be hard to clear my name.
- It's fine, it's fine. Just go. Go.
- Hey, kid. She keeps calling you bro.
If you don't get in the car, I'm not going to start the car. What kind of brother are you?
- Hurry and get in the car. If you don't, I'm not going anywhere.
- OK, I'll get in.
Where are you headed?
Hey, where do you live?
Say something. Where do you live?
- Up front.
- Up front where?
- How far up front?
- I said it's up front. Just keep driving! Quit the chatter!
Sir, just keep driving straight for now.
- Up front where? How far?
- I don't have a home!
Okay already. Hey!
- Why aren't we home yet?
- Alright, thank you, sir.
- Okay already.
- Don't go!
- Hey! Hey!
The car's leaving.
- You dare bully my friend?
- Keep walking.
You...let go of me! I haven't...
Where are you going?
Let go of me! Get away! Who are you? I'm going to beat you up.
- You're drunk. Who are you going to beat up?
- Xiao Jiu, I'll come save you.
L-let go!
Get away! Who are you?!
Wait! Wait!
Over here!
- What is this place?
- Why aren't they picking up?
You threw up all over me!
Water... I want water.
- I want to drink water!
- It's coming!
Water.
Bro.
Is anyone there?
Don't keep telling random men to take you home.
What are you doing here?
I came to check on you. I was afraid that something might have happened you. For example, getting hit by a meteor.
I'm fine.
Jiang Sheng.
Good morning. Let's go.
- Huh? Go where?
- Just come with me.
- Where are we going?
- Hey!
- Let's go eat.
Jiang Sheng, here's to you. You're a great girl.
What's good about me? I always make my brother angry.
If I say you're good, then you're good. In my eyes, you're the best.
If you hadn't saved me last night, I don't know what I'd have done.
Last night?
- I don't remember what happened last night.
- You don't know how amazing you were last night.
You directly charged into motorcycle shop and then protected me. No matter who, you wouldn't let them touch me. I was so shocked.
And you threw up all over that guy.
You got up in his face and said that I was ignoring Bei Xiaowu because of him.
Why don't I remember anything?
But that guy was pretty good looking. He'd be a match for your brother.
Here. Cheers to you.
- I'd like to borrow these.
- Give me your library card.
And please don't take girls you don't know back home either.
Jin Ling, what do I do if I lost my library card?
You should get another one made then.
It's really annoying to lose a library card.
School just started, and you already lost it?
Don't mention it. Something annoying happened.
Oh, right. You got marked as not returning to your dorm.
The school is quite strict about it lately. I'm worried that if you get marked again, you'll get a demerit.
No! My brother will get angry.
Hence, hurry up and look for a reason to cancel this record from the dorm manager.
OK.
- Hello.
- Hello, Tianyou. Someone saw He Manhou.
- It's Bei Guoxiong's accomplice.
- Where?
We don't know his exact location, but someone said he's already gotten on a train and left Hebei.
- Keep searching.
- OK. I've sent you your itinerary for the day. Everything's set.
- OK.
Jiang Sheng, Landscape Design Department of Yuhua University.
That's right, sir.
Sir? My name's Cheng.
Oh, OK, Mr. Cheng.
My name's Cheng Tianyou.
Young people shouldn't drink that much.
Thank you, Mr. Cheng Tianyou.
Is there anything else?
♫ The season of my heart depends on your sad or joyful look ♫
♫ How beautiful the poetry is in the chaos and bitterness I feel for you ♫
♫ With the happiest-looking smile, the loneliest boy ♫
♫ Insists on caring for her for life to thank her ♫
♫ I'm the fire that burns away coldness, I burn myself to create a warm world ♫
♫ I hear your wishes and help you fulfill them, in the circle of life, my true love never dies ♫
♫ I'm the blue sky that drives away cloud and mist, to leave you a clear sky, and that devours blizzards ♫
♫ And sweeps up leaves so that you can smell the flowers ♫
♫ The circle of life is longer than eternity ♫
♫ Love is not accompanying you to the end, holding your hand in mine ♫
♫ It is letting you go so that you can reach the turning point ♫
♫ I'm the fire that burns away coldness ♫
♫ I burn myself to create a warm world ♫
♫ I hear your wishes and help you fulfill them, in the circle of life, my true love never dies ♫
♫ I'm the blue sky that drives away cloud and mist, to leave you a clear sky, and that devours blizzards ♫
♫ And sweeps up leaves so that you can smell the flowers ♫
♫ The circle of life is longer than eternity ♫